<<<<<<< HEAD
Problema                                                                        Solucion
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Las-tareas-de-Briaares#problems               DP ?
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Creacion-de-concursos-de-program#problems     DP
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Recurrencias-salvajes#problems                DP
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/El-peloton-de-soldados-marcianos#problems     Divide y venceras, Greedy ?
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Cuban-Challenge#problems                      Busqueda Local ?
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Exquisite-Strings#problems                    DP, suffix array, busqueda binaria ?
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/cdc#problems                                  DP
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/bits-bits-bits#problems                       Divide y venceras
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/sumasrapidas#problems                         DP
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Drinking-Game#problems                        Teoria de numeros
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Greedy-Artisan#problems                       Greedy
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Randy-y-los-Divisores#problems                DP
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Sumas_Multiplo#problems                       DP
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Fili-and-Strings#problems                     Busqueda de Subcadenas
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Caminos-cortos#problems                       DP
=======
Problema												Solucion
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Las-tareas-de-Briaares#problems					DP
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Creacion-de-concursos-de-program#problems				DP
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Recurrencias-salvajes#problems					DP
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/El-peloton-de-soldados-marcianos#problems				Divide y venceras
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Cuban-Challenge#problems						?
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Exquisite-Strings#problems						DP, suffix array?
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/cdc#problems								DP
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/bits-bits-bits#problems						Divide y venceras
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/sumasrapidas#problems							DP
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Drinking-Game#problems						Teoria de numeros
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Greedy-Artisan#problems						?
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Randy-y-los-Divisores#problems					DP
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Sumas_Multiplo#problems						DP
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Arboles-Chistosos#problems						?
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Fili-and-Strings#problems						?
https://omegaup.com/arena/problem/Caminos-cortos#problems						DP
>>>>>>> 91348413c0cc0ca2c9e5c245fd09ffa3f89ba80d
